prototypes/proto-2b/README.md, before:

# Prototype 2B
This prototype I will alter the first prototype to improve handling of when lots of packets go missing during a file transfer. It will only include the features listed below:

- Very basic error correction
- Dummy Handshake
- Send one real file from client to server
  - Handle resend of missing file packets
  - Send chunks in blocks and verify at each block (receiver get's a more ordered send if there is packet loss)
  - Blocks are entirely handled by the sender, receiver does not need to keep track of them (reduces complexity)
  - EOF request message, used to close the file
- Customisable MTU size for testing
- Dummy connection close


## Usage
Same as proto-1


## Discovered Issues
TBD.


## Structure
Same as proto-1


## Client File Push

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    Note over Client,Server: Init Connection
    Client->>+Server: SYN
    Server-->>-Client: ACK
    Note over Client,Server: Req Push
    Client ->>+ Server: REQ
    Server -->>- Client: ACK
    Note over Client,Server: Send Blocks
    loop Until EOF
        loop Until ACK
            loop Send Chunks
                Client ->> Server: PSH
            end
            Note over Server: Verify Current Block
            Client ->> Server: REQ
            break All Ok
                Server -->> Client: ACK
            end
            Note over Client: Missing Chunk ID's
            Server -->> Client: REQ
        end
        break EOF
            Client ->> Server: REQ
            Server -->> Client: ACK
        end
    end
    Note over Client,Server: Close Connection
    Client->>+ Server: FIN
    Server -->>- Client: ACK
```

Commit message:

add discovered issues & fixed issues

prototypes/proto-2b/README.md, after:

# Prototype 2B
This prototype I will alter the first prototype to improve handling of when lots of packets go missing during a file transfer. It will only include the features listed below:

- Very basic error correction
- Dummy Handshake
- Send one real file from client to server
  - Handle resend of missing file packets
  - Send chunks in blocks and verify at each block (receiver get's a more ordered send if there is packet loss)
  - Blocks are entirely handled by the sender, receiver does not need to keep track of them (reduces complexity)
  - EOF request message, used to close the file
- Customisable MTU size for testing
- Dummy connection close


## Usage
Same as proto-1


## Discovered Issues
- Server cannot predict number of chunks in a block, due to being determined by client. If server could predict chunks per block; a buffer could be pre allocated reducing memory allocations

## Fixed Issues
- (cae32ef) file reader cursor position not set back after a requested resend, causing incorrect data to be sent on next PSH. Fixed by seeking to stored seek offset before reading

## Structure
Same as proto-1


## Client File Push

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    Note over Client,Server: Init Connection
    Client->>+Server: SYN
    Server-->>-Client: ACK
    Note over Client,Server: Req Push
    Client ->>+ Server: REQ
    Server -->>- Client: ACK
    Note over Client,Server: Send Blocks
    loop Until EOF
        loop Until ACK
            loop Send Chunks
                Client ->> Server: PSH
            end
            Note over Server: Verify Current Block
            Client ->> Server: REQ
            break All Ok
                Server -->> Client: ACK
            end
            Note over Client: Missing Chunk ID's
            Server -->> Client: REQ
        end
        break EOF
            Client ->> Server: REQ
            Server -->> Client: ACK
        end
    end
    Note over Client,Server: Close Connection
    Client->>+ Server: FIN
    Server -->>- Client: ACK
```
